Scrum


5 Events
Prescribed events are used in Scrum to create regularity and to minimize the need for meetings
not defined in Scrum. All events are time-boxed events, such that every event has a maximum
duration. Once a Sprint begins, its duration is fixed and cannot be shortened or lengthened. The
remaining events may end whenever the purpose of the event is achieved, ensuring an
appropriate amount of time is spent without allowing waste in the process.
Other than the Sprint itself, which is a container for all other events, each event in Scrum is a
formal opportunity to inspect and adapt something
1 Sprint
		Each Sprint may be considered a project with no more than a one-month horizon. Like projects,
		Sprints are used to accomplish something. Each Sprint has a goal of what is to be built, a design
		and flexible plan that will guide building it, the work, and the resultant product increment.
		Sprints are limited to one calendar month. When a Sprint’s horizon is too long the definition of
		what is being built may change, complexity may rise, and risk may increase. Sprints enable
		predictability by ensuring inspection and adaptation of progress toward a Sprint Goal at leastnb
		every calendar month. Sprints also limit risk to one calendar month of cost.
2 Sprint Planning
			The work to be performed in the Sprint is planned at the Sprint Planning. This plan is created by
		the collaborative work of the entire Scrum Team.
		Sprint Planning is time-boxed to a maximum of eight hours for a one-month Sprint. For shorter
		Sprints, the event is usually shorter. The Scrum Master ensures that the event takes place and
		that attendants understand its purpose. The Scrum Master teaches the Scrum Team to keep it
		within the time-box.
		Sprint Planning answers the following:
		• What can be delivered in the Increment resulting from the upcoming Sprint?
		• How will the work needed to deliver the Increment be achieved?
3 Daily Scrum
			The Daily Scrum is a 15-minute time-boxed event for the Development Team. The Daily Scrum is
		held every day of the Sprint. At it, the Development Team plans work for the next 24 hours. This
		optimizes team collaboration and performance by inspecting the work since the last Daily Scrum
		and forecasting upcoming Sprint work. The Daily Scrum is held at the same time and place each
		day to reduce complexity.

4. Sprint Review
		A Sprint Review is held at the end of the Sprint to inspect the Increment and adapt the Product
		Backlog if needed. During the Sprint Review, the Scrum Team and stakeholders collaborate
		about what was done in the Sprint. Based on that and any changes to the Product Backlog
		during the Sprint, attendees collaborate on the next things that could be done to optimize value.
		This is an informal meeting, not a status meeting, and the presentation of the Increment is
		intended to elicit feedback and foster collaboration.

5. Sprint Retrospective 	
		The Sprint Retrospective is an opportunity for the Scrum Team to inspect itself and create a plan
		for improvements to be enacted during the next Sprint.
		The Sprint Retrospective occurs after the Sprint Review and prior to the next Sprint Planning.
		This is at most a three-hour meeting for one-month Sprints. For shorter Sprints, the event is
		usually shorter. The Scrum Master ensures that the event takes place and that attendants
		understand its purpose. 
